This is a weather app created using material design that is available for both IOS and Android.
Youtube Link with app demo: https://youtu.be/Ual9ysxLohI (With Poll and Doppler radar added)
Youtube Link with app demo: https://youtu.be/gxrphNgaG_A (Without Poll and Radar)
*/
Overview of the App:
When you first launch the app, you are presented with a sign in screen. From there you have the option to go to the sign-up page to register your account
or directly sign in anonymously with the single click of a button. The authentication of all of this is implemented using Firebase. When you sign-in to the app, 
you are taken to the user profile page, from here you can sign out, or you can go to the weather page. The idea is to eventually add more functionality to 
this page including customization, pictures etc. The weather page is where the weather is displayed, this is the main feature of the app, and I am planning
on adding more features and polish to this page as well.

Development: 
All the research, UI Design, backend development and polishing for this app was done by me as the sole member of the group and I am really happy with 
how the app is shaping up. From a designer’s perspective I think I have room to improve because I hadn’t done any development using Flutter prior to taking 
this course. I am glad I took it because I think Flutter is a great platform to use to write mobile apps, but I still have room to improve my UI design 
skills and I think that will come with more experience with using Flutter. When it comes to development a lot of my code from earlier in the class came in 
useful because I had already done the implementation for authentication and some UI design, and I used code from that for this app. 
Where this app can go:
I plan on making the UI more user friendly by rearranging the buttons and placing the texts where it looks the best. As mentioned earlier, I also want 
to add more functionality to the app like a poll feature, customizations to the user profile page etc. 

*/
